This venomous woman
She’s keeping us from reuniting
Hurry and kick her out
You two claim to be
My biological parents
So let me ask
Twenty-seven years ago
When you abandoned me
At the orphanage
What was its name?
Happy Orphanage, right?
I could never forget
Wrong
It was originally called Hope Orphanage
Fifteen years ago
It was officially renamed
Happy Orphanage
What now?
Fù Jiā Háo
Told you to pretend to be my parents
Without preparing
Properly beforehand?
Son
We’re old
We just remembered wrong
Now we recall
It really was Hope Orphanage
Then let me ask one more question
The birthmark on my arm
Is it on my left arm
Or my right?